New readme section on how to use permissions for CRUD controllers (#268)
Laravel-Backpack/PermissionManager: README.md

[![Style CI](https://styleci.io/repos/58740020/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/58740020)
[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]

> Admin interface for [spatie/laravel-permission](https://github.com/spatie/laravel-permission). It allows admins to easily add/edit/remove users, roles and permissions, using [Laravel Backpack](https://laravelbackpack.com).

Author: My editor always removes trailing spaces on save.

You can use Laravels native @can directive to check if a user has a certain permission.

## Use permissions in CRUD controllers

> CRUD controllers have methods to [dynamically allow or deny access](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/4.1/crud-api#access) to operations. The ```$this->crud->allowAccess()``` and ```$this->crud->denyAccess()``` methods control both:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRUD controllers have methods to [dynamically allow or deny access](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/6.x/crud-api#access) to operations. The ```$this->crud->allowAccess()``` and ```$this->crud->denyAccess()``` methods control both:
```

- the form's navigation buttons display like Add, Edit, Delete and
- the security access guards, returning a 403 forbidden error when no permission.

> Here is a way to link the permissions to CRUD controller access.
> Reminder: permissions can be assigned to a user either directly or through a role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you should use `access` and `permission` separately. But if you want to link them together, so a "permission" gives "access", here is how you can do that too. Reminder: permissions can be assigned to a user either directly or through a role.
```
